Add note about custom webAppDirName breaking autodetection (#404)
GoogleCloudPlatform/app-gradle-plugin: USER_GUIDE.md

When you use the `com.google.cloud.tools.appengine` plugin it will automatically determine
your environment based on the presence of an `appengine-web.xml`
in `src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/`. It will enable _`appengine-appenginewebxml`_ if present, _`appengine-appyaml`_ otherwise.

> Note: autodetection will not work if you use a custom `webAppDirName` property.
> In this case, manually list the environment-specific plugin in your configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: autodetection will not work if you set a custom [`webAppDirName` property](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/war_plugin.html#sec:war_convention_properties) of the `war` plugin.
In this case, manually apply the right environment-specific plugin by specifying the corresponding plugin identifier as above.
```
